_pages/publications.md, before:

---
permalink: /publications/
title: "Publications and Conferences"
excerpt: "Papers and conference presentations."
author_profile: false
header: false
---

<section class="page-section">
  <div class="content-card">
    <h2>📝 Publications</h2>
    <div class="publication-collection">
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p><strong>X. Zhang</strong>, S. Jiang*, J. Wei, Chao Wu, X. Wang, X. Xia, N. Zheng, J. Xing, Non-Gaussian Hydraulic Conductivity and Potential Contaminant Source Identification: A Comparison of Two Advanced DLPM-based Inversion Framework, <strong>Journal of Hydrology</strong>, 2024, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jhydrol.2024.131540.</p>
      </article>
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p><strong>X. Zhang</strong>, S. Jiang*, N. Zheng, X. Xia, Z. Li, R. Zhang, and X. Wang, Integration of DDPM and ILUES for Simultaneous Identification of Contaminant Source Parameters and Non-Gaussian Channelized Hydraulic Conductivity Field, <strong>Water Resources Research</strong>, 2024, https://doi.org/10.1029/ 2023WR036893.</p>
      </article>
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p>M. Guo; Y. Cai; X. Wang; <strong>X. Zhang</strong>; S. Lu; K. Liu; W. Zhao, Quantitative estimation of vegetation carbon source/sink and its response to climate variability and anthropogenic activities in Dongting Lake Wetland, China, <strong>Remote Sensing</strong>, 2025, https://doi.org/10.3390/rs17142475.</p>
      </article>
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p>W Gao; G. Shao; T. Zhu; S. Jiang*, <strong>X. Zhang</strong>; J. Wei, A Hybrid Inversion Framework Combining CNN Surrogate Modeling and Improved Data Assimilation for Efficient Groundwater Contamination Characterization, <strong>Water</strong>, Under Review, 2025.</p>
      </article>
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p>C. Wu; S. Jiang*; <strong>X. Zhang</strong>, Identification of coastal aquifer contaminant source and hydraulic conductivity field using multi-source observation data, <strong>Hydrogeology Journal</strong>, Manuscript in preparation, 2025.</p>
      </article>
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p>J. Wei, S. Jiang*, <strong>X. Zhang</strong>, Toward Closed-Loop Remediation: A Dynamic Optimization Approach for Hydraulic Conductivity Estimation and Pump-and-Treat Design, <strong>Journal of Hydrology</strong>, Manuscript in preparation, 2025.</p>
      </article>
    </div>
  </div>
</section>

<section class="page-section">
  <div class="content-card">
    <h2>🎤 Conferences</h2>
    <div class="publication-collection">
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p>International Forum on Groundwater (Aug. 2024): <strong>X. Zhang</strong>, S. Jiang*, Leveraging Deep Generative Models for Enhanced Hydraulic Conductivity Estimation in Groundwater Modeling. Oral presentation, Session 14, Jilin, China. <strong>Outstanding Graduate Student Presentation Award</strong></p>
      </article>
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p>The 35th KKHTCNN Symposium on Civil Engineering (Nov. 2024)： <strong>X. Zhang</strong>, S. Jiang*, Non-gaussian hydraulic conductivity and potential contaminant source identification: A comparison of two advanced DLPM-based inversion framework. Oral presentation, Track 5, Shanghai, China.</p>
      </article>
    </div>
  </div>
</section>

Commit message:

Update publications with new entries
Added multiple publication entries including journal papers, preprints, and papers in progress.

_pages/publications.md, after:

---
permalink: /publications/
title: "Publications and Conferences"
excerpt: "Papers and conference presentations."
author_profile: false
header: false
---
Published Journal Paper
X. Zhang, S. Jiang*, N. Zheng, X. Xia, Z. Li, R. Zhang, X. Wang, Integration of DDPM and ILUES for Simultaneous Identification of Contaminant Source Parameters and Non-Gaussian Channelized Hydraulic Conductivity Field, Water Resources Research, 2024, https://doi.org/10.1029/2023WR036893.

X. Zhang, S. Jiang*, J. Wei, Chao Wu, X. Wang, X. Xia, N. Zheng, J. Xing, Non-Gaussian Hydraulic Conductivity and Potential Contaminant Source Identification: A Comparison of Two Advanced DLPM-based Inversion Framework, Journal of Hydrology, 2024, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jhydrol.2024.131540.

M. Guo, N. Zhou*, Y. Cai, X. Wang, X. Zhang, S. Lu, K. Liu, W. Zhao, Quantitative estimation of vegetation carbon source/sink and its response to climate variability and anthropogenic activities in Dongting Lake Wetland, China, Remote Sensing, 2025, https://doi.org/10.3390/rs17142475.

J. Wei, S. Jiang*, Q. Liu, X. Zhang, Toward Closed-Loop Remediation: A Dynamic Optimization Approach for Hydraulic Conductivity Estimation and Pump-and-Treat Design, Accepted by Journal of Contaminant Hydrology, 2025.

Preprint
X. Zhang, W. Yang, J. Zhang, S. Jiang*, Diffusion-Inversion-Net (DIN): An End-to-End Direct Probabilistic Framework for Characterizing Hydraulic Conductivities and Quantifying Uncertainty, Geophysical Research Letters, Under Review, 2025, https://arxiv.org/abs/2511.16926.

W. Yang, X. Zhang*, S. Jiang, PIS: A Generalized Physical Inversion Solver for Arbitrary Sparse Observations via Set-Conditioned Diffusion, In preparation for ICML 2026, https://doi.org/10.13140/RG.2.2.23577.68963.

Paper in Progress
W. Yang, X. Zhang*, S. Jiang, Parameter Estimation of Groundwater PDEs Across Varied Scenarios: A Comparative Evaluation of Diffusion Models and Flow Matching, In preparation for KDD 2026.

B. Zhang, F. Wang*, X. Zhang, From flood to debris flood: Initial and cascading destabilization of sediment as critical mechanisms, Submitted to Journal of Hydrology, 2025.


<section class="page-section">
  <div class="content-card">
    <h2>📝 Publications</h2>
    <div class="publication-collection">
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p><strong>X. Zhang</strong>, S. Jiang*, J. Wei, Chao Wu, X. Wang, X. Xia, N. Zheng, J. Xing, Non-Gaussian Hydraulic Conductivity and Potential Contaminant Source Identification: A Comparison of Two Advanced DLPM-based Inversion Framework, <strong>Journal of Hydrology</strong>, 2024, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jhydrol.2024.131540.</p>
      </article>
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p><strong>X. Zhang</strong>, S. Jiang*, N. Zheng, X. Xia, Z. Li, R. Zhang, and X. Wang, Integration of DDPM and ILUES for Simultaneous Identification of Contaminant Source Parameters and Non-Gaussian Channelized Hydraulic Conductivity Field, <strong>Water Resources Research</strong>, 2024, https://doi.org/10.1029/ 2023WR036893.</p>
      </article>
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p>M. Guo; Y. Cai; X. Wang; <strong>X. Zhang</strong>; S. Lu; K. Liu; W. Zhao, Quantitative estimation of vegetation carbon source/sink and its response to climate variability and anthropogenic activities in Dongting Lake Wetland, China, <strong>Remote Sensing</strong>, 2025, https://doi.org/10.3390/rs17142475.</p>
      </article>
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p>W Gao; G. Shao; T. Zhu; S. Jiang*, <strong>X. Zhang</strong>; J. Wei, A Hybrid Inversion Framework Combining CNN Surrogate Modeling and Improved Data Assimilation for Efficient Groundwater Contamination Characterization, <strong>Water</strong>, Under Review, 2025.</p>
      </article>
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p>C. Wu; S. Jiang*; <strong>X. Zhang</strong>, Identification of coastal aquifer contaminant source and hydraulic conductivity field using multi-source observation data, <strong>Hydrogeology Journal</strong>, Manuscript in preparation, 2025.</p>
      </article>
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p>J. Wei, S. Jiang*, <strong>X. Zhang</strong>, Toward Closed-Loop Remediation: A Dynamic Optimization Approach for Hydraulic Conductivity Estimation and Pump-and-Treat Design, <strong>Journal of Hydrology</strong>, Manuscript in preparation, 2025.</p>
      </article>
    </div>
  </div>
</section>

<section class="page-section">
  <div class="content-card">
    <h2>🎤 Conferences</h2>
    <div class="publication-collection">
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p>International Forum on Groundwater (Aug. 2024): <strong>X. Zhang</strong>, S. Jiang*, Leveraging Deep Generative Models for Enhanced Hydraulic Conductivity Estimation in Groundwater Modeling. Oral presentation, Session 14, Jilin, China. <strong>Outstanding Graduate Student Presentation Award</strong></p>
      </article>
      <article class="publication-card">
        <p>The 35th KKHTCNN Symposium on Civil Engineering (Nov. 2024)： <strong>X. Zhang</strong>, S. Jiang*, Non-gaussian hydraulic conductivity and potential contaminant source identification: A comparison of two advanced DLPM-based inversion framework. Oral presentation, Track 5, Shanghai, China.</p>
      </article>
    </div>
  </div>
</section>
